Allow CSW to read S3 bucket

In an effort to centralize VPC Flow logs, we can use the bucket created by MCD and direct all flow logs to this bucket.

1 - Enable DNS Log Discovery
The VPCs that are monitored for the DNS query logs must be added manually.

- On AWS Console go to the Route53 Query Logging
Select the Query Logger created by the template (Look for the logger with the Prefix name provided in the template)

- Select and add all the VPCs for which you want to get the traffic insights

- Click Log queries for VPCs or Add VPC under the VPCs that queries are logged for section

Select all the VPCs and click Choose


2 - Enable VPC Flow Logs

- Go to the VPCs section on the AWS Console

Select the VPC and select the Flow Logs tab for that VPC

Select All as the Filter
- Select Send to an Amazon S3 bucket as the Destination

Provide the MCD S3 Bucket ARN

- Choose Custom Format as the Log Record Format
Select all the fields from the Log Format dropdown

Click Create Flow Log

3 - Update the Bucket Policy to add the user.

When to Use a Bucket Policy (Preferred for Multiple Users/Roles)

Multiple Users or Roles: If several users or roles need access to the bucket, it's generally better to centralize access control in the bucket policy. This allows for consistent permissions and easier maintenance.

Single Source of Truth: A bucket policy is a centralized way to manage access to the bucket itself, making it clearer which entities have access and simplifying auditing.

Delegated Management: For buckets used by different teams, managing access through the bucket policy can facilitate a clear separation of permissions.

External Accounts: If any users from another AWS account need access, bucket policies are the only way to grant cross-account permissions without involving the other account’s IAM policies.

Update the bucket policy parameters in the 'update-bucket-policy.json'
Replace ACCOUNT_ID and USER_NAME with the IAM user's account ID and username.
Replace your-bucket-name with the actual bucket name.